what is up everybody it's your boy
antara watching I'm coming out with
another video featuring Michael Vick and
this is the Road to Glory series now you
guys see we are playing round number
four that is equivalent to the Virginia
state championship and I'm just gonna
give you guys a rundown of all the teams
that are interested in me you know last
video I give you guys the opportunity to
vote on who you want to see Michael Vick
play for now I would play him on
Virginia Tech by the way you guys see
the thumbs up logo give this video a
thumbs up now I will put them in
Virginia Tech but I was like you know
what maybe you guys want to see a
different story and maybe you guys want
to see him go in a different route and
instead of sending them to Virginia Tech
we could be sending them to let's say
Oregon USC but for the time being we're
gonna concentrate on the state
championship game and uh number 21 I
don't know if you guys saw him but that
is a player to look at from their team
and uh I mean it looks pretty scary but
we're just gonna have to see what he
doesn't feel like he's actually their
safety and going into the game he is
basically the player to fear not this
guy in the middles this guy in the
middle so he they're all set to go I'm
set to go here comes Michael Vick look
at the determination in his highs and I
said highs but I'm an eyes you guys know
what I mean here comes Michael Vick he
steps back in he gets sacked on the play
not a good way to start it comes start
in 30 Michael Vick gets that completion
a good accurate pass by him and finally
finally the team is feeling it you know
we're wearing our away jerseys you know
we're it feels like we're playing the
away game but we still have the home
crowd out there cheering us on and
another huge completion right here from
my receiver and we're gonna give the
running back a couple opportunities here
he you know he's been doing pretty well
you know we haven't really seen him get
a lot of touches because we have been
kind of selfish this is high school
football but you know when he does get
his opportunity he makes the most out of
it and look at Michael Vick I mean he
decided to walk back and finally he's
put his engine on trying to tackle this
guy but it is too little too late and
like I said man
Safety's on the team look at him number
21 we told you to keep your eye on him
and he had an interception for a
touchdown so here comes Michael Vick
it's seven and nothing and he's gonna
take this one on the ground and he picks
up a first down
we simulate now two minutes remaining
Michael Vick once again breaks a tackle
and he's gonna be stopped at the 42 yard
line
so what will he do here he's doing it on
the ground and he goes deep this time in
his receiver is right there for the
reception and that one is gonna knot it
up but they come back and they score a
touchdown and I'm gonna do the same
thing I'm trying to tie up the game once
again I go deep and my receiver is right
there for the touchdown reception and we
tie it up sore playing cat-and-mouse
right here look at my fans look at a fan
in the front seat he looks pretty
disappointed here comes Michael Vick on
the ground nowhere to go and this has
been the story of the game I mean
they've been stopping me every single
play but you know what we just gotta get
back on our feet and try our best here
comes another reception our receiver and
he makes that second effort
and picks up the touchdown or should I
say first down and I get sacked once
again so here comes starting 13 Michael
Vick is going deep in my receiver uh-oh
it is intercepted and again I believe
that was number 21 I'm not sure yet but
it was one of the safeties and their
safety their core of safeties they
didn't get burnt on the plays but most
of the time they were there to make the
tackles and obviously you guys see
interception so it's 24 to 28 we have a
minute to work with here in the third
quarter and I was like you know what
it's time to pick it up on the game I
have 300 yards but I also have three
interceptions as well so that is not
good at all because at the same time you
do want to still impress the colleges
that you're gonna probably end up going
to because they want to see how you play
in the game that matters so we're not
playing selfish here we're gonna give it
to my running back and finally regain
the lead so we have four minutes here
into the fourth quarter scores 31 to 20
a look at that clutch catch by my
receiver so overall the goal is still to
score in this possession but like we
always do we have
to take time off the clock you know we
have to put the other team in a
disadvantage here comes Michael Vick on
third and five and I'm gonna go down on
fourth and three so we're gonna
definitely get a try for it the pressure
is coming and you know the defensive
line in this game they are just too fast
I had to get rid of it and that's gonna
be considered turnover so we're just
gonna have to simulate they can't do
anything with their possession you guys
see they have no timeouts remaining
so it's 142 left on the clock this game
is pretty much over I just give my
running back a handoff look at him
breaking those tackles and he's gonna
make this second and two why not give it
back to him and he picks up first down
and that is exactly just basically all
we needed so we came out here we looked
a little rough early on but Michael Vick
was able to secure the Virginia state
championship with the score of 31 to 28
now when I got into the Maine money you
cease Michigan State Spartans have
offered me a scholarship at quarterback
and I don't know if we're gonna be
offered in yes we are gonna be offered
three more scholarships I don't know why
because the season is basically over so
playoff recap but we did our thing we
had pretty much a undefeated season and
we went to the state championship game
and took on that victory and now it is
time to go to the signing day you know
I'm not gonna be like LeBron and
actually have my own show I'm just gonna
go ahead and pick the teams that I've
been thinking about a lot of you comes
in Oregon a lot of you coming to the USC
but I decided to go with this team right
here and just wait a couple of seconds
you guys are gonna see it
okay I'm scrolling down scrolling down
scrolling down but basically this team
was pretty much terrible in 2011 2010
under your new coach but last year they
were able to go to the Sugar Bowl and
defeat the University of Florida say
they have a pretty good team going in
they are a three star team and yes I'm
gonna be picking Louisville Cardinals
they are 84 on offense and 86 on defense
and more importantly they have the
number seven jerseys so we're sort of
going to underdog team my official
sparks rating is gonna be 105 and
basically we have everything ready to
start off the season but one of the
first things that I wanted to do was
change up his appearance and
wanted me to put the fire on them and I
gotta say man he looks pretty tough at
the Jersey pretty tough with the sleeve
on and the visor as well so that's
pretty much it
next episode we will bring his first
week with Louisville it's your boy on to
the boss and I'm signing out if you guys
want to stay updated on when all my
videos will be uploaded make sure you
follow me on Twitter twitter.com slash
onto the boss